Update user-assigned and system-assigned managed identity code, overview edits (#44872)
dotnet/docs: docs/azure/sdk/includes/implement-system-assigned-identity.md

---
ms.topic: include
ms.date: 02/12/2025
---

[!INCLUDE [implement-managed-identity-concepts](implement-managed-identity-concepts.md)]

### Implement the code

> Add the [Azure.Identity](/dotnet/api/azure.identity) and optionally the [Microsoft.Extensions.Azure](/dotnet/api/microsoft.extensions.azure) packages to your application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the [Azure.Identity](/dotnet/api/azure.identity) package. In an ASP.NET Core project, also install the [Microsoft.Extensions.Azure](/dotnet/api/microsoft.extensions.azure) package:
```

1. Include the `Azure.Identity` and `Microsoft.Extensions.Azure` namespaces via `using` directives.
1. Register the Azure service client using the corresponding `Add`-prefixed extension method.
1. Pass an appropriate `TokenCredential` instance to the `UseCredential` method:
    - Use `DefaultAzureCredential` when your app is running locally.
    - Use `ManagedIdentityCredential` when your app is running in Azure.

:::code language="csharp" source="../snippets/authentication/system-assigned-managed-identity/Program.cs" id="snippet_MIC_UseCredential":::

An alternative to the `UseCredential` method is to provide the credential to the service client directly:

:::code language="csharp" source="../snippets/authentication/system-assigned-managed-identity/Program.cs" id="snippet_MIC":::

---

The preceding code behaves differently depending on the environment where it's running:

- On your local development workstation, `DefaultAzureCredential` looks in the environment variables for an application service principal or at locally installed developer tools, such as Visual Studio, for a set of developer credentials.

> - When deployed to Azure, the `ManagedIdentityCredential` discovers your managed identity configurations to authenticate to other services automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When deployed to Azure, `ManagedIdentityCredential` discovers your managed identity configurations to authenticate to other services automatically.
```
